docs(ai): smart labeling - MTA-1571 (#210)
scaleway/docs-content: ai/smart-labeling/how-to/access-annotation-server.mdx

---
title: How to access the annotation server
description: This page explains how to access the annotation server
dates:
  validation: 2021-11-05
  posted: 2021-11-05
---

<Message type="requirement">

- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com)  

> - You have a [Smart Labeling](/ai/smart-labeling/quickstart) workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have a [Smart Labeling](/ai/smart-labeling/quickstart/) workspace
```

</Message>

1. Click **Smart Labeling** in the **AI** section of the side menu. The list of your workspaces displays.

2. Click on the workspace you want to access. The workspace overview displays.

3. Click **Go to my annotation server** in the workspace overview:

> <Lightbox src="scaleway-smart-labeling-worksapce.png" />

Reviewer: indent the lines between the steps

>   The CVAT login screen dispalys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The CVAT login screen displays.
```

<Message type="tip">

> Alternatively you can use the **Annotation server URL** to access the server. You can find it in the workspace information block. This URL will take you (or the annotator) to the CVAT annotation interface. 

Reviewer 2: I definitely think we need a screenshot to explain this bit,"workspace information block" is a bit obscure otherwise

>     Alternatively you can use the **Annotation server URL** to access the server. You can find it in the workspace information block. This URL will take you (or the annotator) to the CVAT annotation interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, you can use the **Annotation server URL** to access the server. You can find it in the workspace information block. This URL will take you (or the annotator) to the CVAT annotation interface. 
```

</Message>

4. Enter the credentials for the admin user of the Smart Labeling workspace and click **Login**. The CVAT dashboard displays:

<Lightbox src="scaleway-smart-labeling-dashboard.png" />

> 5. Ceate Tasks to annotate datasets of your choice with [image-level tags, as well as points, bounding boxes, polygons, and 3D boxes](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/cvat/docs/manual/basics/types-of-shapes/) and assign them to your users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Create Tasks to annotate datasets of your choice with [image-level tags, as well as points, bounding boxes, polygons, and 3D boxes](https://openvinotoolkit.github.io/cvat/docs/manual/basics/types-of-shapes/) and assign them to your users.
```

Reviewer 2: Is Tasks in caps because its a capitalised feature in the interface?

Author: Yes

> 6. Users can login into the CVAT interface to start annotating images in their tasks.

Reviewer 2: I think this should not be a numbered step, since not an action verb. Or else maybe a tip?

> 6. Users can login into the CVAT interface to start annotating images in their tasks.

Author: ```suggestion
Users can log in to the CVAT interface to start annotating images in their tasks.
```

<Message type="important">

> Annotatotors can create users and login to the annotation server directly from this interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotators can create users and login to the annotation server directly from this interface. 
```

> Annotatotors can create users and login to the annotation server directly from this interface. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Annotators can create users who can also log in to the annotation server directly from this interface. 
```

Reviewer 2: (if I've understood correctly?)

>   Annotators can create users and login to the annotation server directly from this interface. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Annotators can create users and log in to the annotation server directly from this interface. 
```

  </Message>

<Navigation title="See Also">

>   <PreviousButton to="/ai/smart-labeling/create-labeling-workspace">How to create a workspace</PreviousButton>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <PreviousButton to="/ai/smart-labeling/how-to/create-labeling-workspace">How to create a workspace</PreviousButton>
```

>   <NextButton to="/ai/smart-labeling/delete-labeling-workspace/">How to delete a workspace</NextButton>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <NextButton to="/ai/smart-labeling/how-to/delete-labeling-workspace/">How to delete a workspace</NextButton>
```
